Update M-23-22 links (#7022)
GSA/digitalgov.gov: content/services/service_us-digital-registry.md

  - social-media
  - mobile
  - product-management

aliases:
  - /services/social-media-registry/
  - /services/the-federal-mobile-apps-registry/

---

To help prevent exploitation from unofficial sources, phishing scams, or malicious entities, the [U.S. Digital Registry](https://touchpoints.app.cloud.gov/registry) serves as a resource for agencies and the public to confirm the official status of social media, collaboration accounts, and mobile apps.

The accounts in the registry are independently updated by federal employees across the government who maintain individual agency accounts.

---

## How to access the U.S. Digital Registry

{{< button href="https://touchpoints.app.cloud.gov/registry" text="Register and Manage Accounts" >}}

**To register and manage accounts on the U.S. Digital Registry** you must have a [Login.gov](http://login.gov/) account, which is available to federal government employees and contractors with a valid .gov or .mil email address.

1. Go to the [U.S. Digital Registry](https://touchpoints.app.cloud.gov/registry).

> 2. In the top navigation bar, far right, access the "`Log In`" link. You'll be brought to the [Login.gov](http://login.gov/) log-in page for the U.S. Digital Registry.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the top navigation bar, access the "`Sign in with Login.gov`" link. You'll be brought to the [Login.gov](http://login.gov/) login page for the U.S. Digital Registry.
```
